## Current situation
Originally I had very dark (actually black) backgrounds for rooms, it a technical floor plan, just schematic. Recently I changed to lighter, more photorealistic backgrounds. I think they look better, but they are also more difficult to work with. The dark backgrounds were very forgiving when it came to lighting and color choices, while the lighter backgrounds require more careful consideration.
Specifically the icons (which are light blue, like light which is turned off) and or values (which are white). Also the actual svg layer counted with dark background, so now it's barely visible that some light is on or there is a movement in the room. Also the SVG borders are visible, and they shouldn't be at all. Also, in a normal state the SVG background is visible, but it should be fully transparent, because the underlaying image has textures and colors, so the SVG background is not needed at all (except when lights on or movement detected). Also I noticed than setting the Alpha on room's color in the setting doesn't apply at all, so I ended up with RGB instead of RGBA color. Seems that alpha is hardcoded. Next one - the color visual edit should show the entered color there as an improvement. And last but not least - When we do some changes (e.g. I could imagine setting some claudy background for each element, so it's visible on the light background), we should make it configurable, so that users can choose if they want to use it or not and to be able to tune the color or alpha to have it greatly visible with the custom background they'll use.

## What I need to do
Analyze this situation and create a problem analysis and a requirement document for each category of the problems I described (e.g. some going to elements visibility, some to SVG background and so on).
Once we are done, we could proceed with analyzing the possible solutions and creating a solution design document for each category independently.